Added documentation about pulling images from private registry's (#176)
conduktor/conduktor-public-charts: charts/console/README.md

### Kubernetes configuration

- [Conduktor Console](#conduktor-console)
  - [TL;DR](#tldr)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Parameters](#parameters)
    - [Global parameters](#global-parameters)
    - [Common parameters](#common-parameters)
    - [Platform product Parameters](#platform-product-parameters)
    - [Platform Monitoring product Parameters](#platform-monitoring-product-parameters)
    - [Platform Deployment Parameters](#platform-deployment-parameters)
    - [Platform Metrics activation](#platform-metrics-activation)
    - [Traffic Exposure Parameters](#traffic-exposure-parameters)
    - [Other Parameters](#other-parameters)
    - [Platform Cortex Parameters](#platform-cortex-parameters)

>   - [Snippets](#snippets)

Reviewer: This is already defined before in readme (in a broken way it rendered in `Prerequisites`) could you fix that like 
in first table of content only link to snippets section and then here in snippets section only list different snippets like 
```
# Conduktor Console 
...
## TL;DR
...
## Introduction
...
<main table of content>
- Prerequisites ....
- Parameters ...
  -  Global Parameters
  - ...  
- Snippets ...
- Troubleshooting ...
## Prerequisites
...
## Parameters
...
## Snippets
- Snippet A ...
- Snippet B ...
- ...
...
### Snippet A
### Snippet B
...
## Troubleshooting
...

```
WDYT ?

  CDK_MONITORING_STORAGE_S3_SECRETACCESSKEY: <your_s3_secret_access_key>
```

### Pulling from private registry using `global.imagePullSecrets`

To use the parameter `global.imagePullSecrets` you need to create a secret with the name you want to use in the parameter. To find out more [see offical documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

We need to ensure this secret is of type `docker-registry` and contains the following keys:
```bash
kubectl create secret docker-registry <SECRET_NAME> \
  --docker-server=<DOCKER_REGISTRY_SERVER> \
  --docker-username=<DOCKER_USERNAME> \
  --docker-password=<DOCKER_PASSWORD> \
  --docker-email=<DOCKER_EMAIL>
```

Then in your `values.yaml` file, you can set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter to the name of the secret you created, you will also need to modify the `global.imageRegistry` parameters to use the same registry as the secret you created.

> This example blelow shows an example of how to set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter and the `global.imageRegistry` parameters to use a private harbor registry:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter and the `global.imageRegistry` parameters to use a private harbor registry:
```

```yaml
global:
  imageRegistry: harbor.local.example
  imagePullSecrets:
    - harbor-secret

platform:
  image:
    repository: conduktor/conduktor-console
    tag: nightly

platformCortex:
  image:
    repository: conduktor/conduktor-console-cortex
    tag: nightly
```

> You can also specify the `global.imagePullSecrets` and `global.imageRegistry` parameters in the `platform` and `platformCortex` sections if you want to use different secrets and registry's for each of them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify the `global.imagePullSecrets` and `global.imageRegistry` parameters in the `platform` and `platformCortex` sections if you want to use different secrets and registries for each of them.
```
